Modify documentation (#399)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/packaging.rst

Packaging
=========

Packaging is the process for distributing software to guarantee that final users
can use it. By packaging Python libraries, it is possible to declare which
source code or binary files need to be distributed, project metadata and third
party dependencies.

The fundamentals of Python packaging together with the packaging style
guidelines that apply to PyAnsys projects are collected in the :ref:`Packaging
style` section.

Specifying dependencies
-----------------------

It is common to take advantage of third party libraries to simplify
source code. The formal way of doing so is by specifying these third party
libraries as dependencies. There are two types of dependencies: :ref:`Required
dependencies` and :ref:`Optional dependencies`.

Required dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Required dependencies are third party libraries that a software requires to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required dependencies are third-party libraries that a software requires to
```

properly function. If these dependencies are not installed or present, the
software does not work as expected.

> Required dependencies need to be declared in :ref:`The \`\`setup.py\`\` file` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required dependencies must be declared in :ref:`The \`\`setup.py\`\` file` or
```

Packaging
=========

Packaging is the process for distributing software to guarantee that final users
can use it. By packaging Python libraries, it is possible to declare which
source code or binary files need to be distributed, project metadata and third
party dependencies.

The fundamentals of Python packaging together with the packaging style
guidelines that apply to PyAnsys projects are collected in the :ref:`Packaging
style` section.

Specifying dependencies
-----------------------

It is common to take advantage of third party libraries to simplify
source code. The formal way of doing so is by specifying these third party
libraries as dependencies. There are two types of dependencies: :ref:`Required
dependencies` and :ref:`Optional dependencies`.

Required dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Required dependencies are third party libraries that a software requires to
properly function. If these dependencies are not installed or present, the
software does not work as expected.

> Required dependencies need to be declared in :ref:`The \`\`setup.py\`\` file` or in :ref:`The \`\`pyproject.toml\`\` file`, according to the selected :ref:`Build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required dependencies need to be declared in :ref:`The \`\`setup.py\`\` file` or
in :ref:`The \`\`pyproject.toml\`\` file`, according to the selected :ref:`Build
```
